Title: "Terms of Use"

### Introduction

These Terms And Conditions (herin referred to as "Terms") shall apply in full
force to your use of this website (referred to as "Website"), including all
pages within this Website. By using this Website, you expressly accept all terms
and conditions contained herein. You must not use this Website, if you have any
objection to any of these Terms.

### Restrictions

You are expressly restricted from all of the following:

  * using this Website in any way that is, or may be, damaging to this Website;
  * using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
  * using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in a way
    that causes, or may cause, harm to the Website, or to any person or business
    entity;
  * engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other
    similar activity in relation to this Website, or while using this Website;
  * using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing;

### Your Content

In these Terms, "Your Content" shall mean any files, images, or other material
you choose to display on this Website. Your Content is your own and you grant
this Website no special license to use, reproduce, adapt, or publish Your
Content.

### Intellectual Property Rights

Other than Your Content, under these Terms, this Website own all rights to the
intellectual property and material contained in this Website, and all such
rights are reserved.

You are granted a limited license only, subject to the restrictions provided in
these Terms, for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website.

### No Warranties

This Website is provided “as is,” with with no warranties, express or implied,
of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website.

### Limitation of Liability

In no event shall this Website, nor any of its owners or contributors, be liable
to you for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this
Website, including any indirect, consequential or special liability.

### Indemnification

You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent this Website and any of its owners or
contributors from any and all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action,
damages and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) arising out of or in
any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.

### Severability

If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid under
any applicable law, such finding shall not render these Terms unenforceable or
invalid as a whole, and such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the
remaining provisions herein.

### Variation of Terms

This Website is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and
by using this Website you are expected to review such Terms on a regular basis
to ensure you understand all terms and conditions governing use of this Website.

### Governing Law and Jurisdiction

These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of Kansas, and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts located in Kansas for the resolution of any disputes.